iwconfig: add page (#3789)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/iwconfig.md

> # ifconfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# iwconfig
```

Author: Ups! A little mistake haha. I am going to update the PR according with your suggestion. Thank you, @pxgamer!

> Configure and show the parameters of a wireless network interface.
> More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/8/iwconfig>.

- Show the parameters and statistics of all the interfaces:

`iwconfig`

> - Show the parameters and statistics of a specific interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show the parameters and statistics of the specified interface:
```

`iwconfig {{interface}}`

> - Set the ESSID (network name) of an specific interface (e.g., eth0 or wlp2s0):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the ESSID (network name) of the specified interface (e.g., eth0 or wlp2s0):
```

> - Set the ESSID (network name) of the specified interface (e.g., eth0 or wlp2s0):

Reviewer 3: You can just mention the interface in the example itself, rather than mentioning `(e.g., eth0 or wlp2s0)`. After all, that is the purpose of the example. To give an example :)

`iwconfig {{interface}} {{new_network_name}}`

> - Set the operating mode of an specific interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set the operating mode of the specified interface:
 ```
